Add sample for error correction (#3)
ballerina-guides/etl-samples: errorCorrection/README.md

## Steps to run the sample

### 1. Configuring the Config.toml file
1. Create a `Config.toml` file in the root directory and add the below content.
```toml
apiKey = "<API_KEY>"
```

> 2. Create a [Sapling account](https://sapling.ai) and obtain an API key and replace with `<API_KEY>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a [Sapling account](https://sapling.ai) and obtain an API key and use it in place of `<API_KEY>` in `Config.toml`.
```

## Steps to run the sample

### Obtaining an API key
1. Create a [Sapling account](https://sapling.ai).
2. Obtain an API key an include it in the `Config.toml` file.
```
apiKey = "<API_KEY>"
```

### Running the sample
Run the following command from the root directory of the sample.
```ballerina

> bal run

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ bal run
```

```

### Send a request

> POST http://localhost:8080/api/posts/spellings

Reviewer: shall we have the exact curl instead
